all central banks around the world are
working to implement a central bank
digital currency a
cbdc at the same time we have watched as
more and more people have fallen into
poverty we are looking at examples of a
Ubi Universal basic income being
implemented in different pilot projects
in locations around the world as well
I'm going to tell you why these two will
likely be connected why most people
around the world will not only ask for a
central bank digital currency but they
will beg for it I'll explain that here
and in the next video in this three-part
series it's important that we pay close
attention to what has happened
previously once we understand that every
cycle we have events that seemed
impossible just prior and yet they
implemented them and they posed them as
a solution let's look back in the pages
of history and I will tell you several
examples in which they said this
couldn't happen this won't be done and
yet it did and in the next video we are
going to talk about what that
implementation of the next instance will
likely look like and why it will be
quite
dystopian let's begin here 2008
financial crisis the government stepped
in to bail out major institutions deemed
too big to fail such as car companies
Banks and housing giants like Fanny May
and Freddy Mack this was unprecedented
in its scale and scope if you remember
if you read the quotes or any books on
this topic you would know the tarp
TP bailout the number
at which they came to was literally just
out of a hat there was no real decision
behind how big the bailout should be
they chose a number and went with it the
central bank at the same time the
Federal Reserve they started
indiscriminately printing money like
they've never done before this never
happened there was never a bailout on
this scale and money was given out to
places we are still to this day unsure
of 2020 the crisis everybody was locked
down well the Federal Reserve created a
novel facility to buy corporate bonds
including those of major corporations
like apple specifically they were buying
the uh ETFs based on that and so
indirectly the biggest companies in the
world like Apple
they were receiving a bailout in this
way the move would was designed to
provide liquidity to companies and
stabilize the corporate bond market the
way they did this was tricky you see
they're not allowed to the Federal
Reserve cannot actively go in and buy
bonds of Corporations it is not in their
requirements in their abilities they are
supposed to have price stability they're
supposed to be able to maintain
inflation not buying Bonds in the way
that they are but they use the treasury
and work together with them forming this
facility and essentially doing just that
this was impossible just prior to its
implementation and yet they did it the
next time around understand that they
could start doing this with stocks other
countries do this like China China and
it wouldn't surprise me to see them
actually doing so inside the stock
market the next cycle future
possibilities each crisis tends to open
the door for measures that might have
been politically or economically
unfeasible before for instance the idea
of a universal basic income has gained
traction while only tested in small
scale around the world a significant
economic downturn could push government
to adopt such measures more widely you
got to think about this they couldn't do
that before and yet here we are
discussing it and looking at it seems
more and more likely each and every day
crisis are often Catalyst for Change and
governments and institutions could be on
board with that so we need to look at
how they're doing this and how they
might deploy that in the face of these
future challenges I think it's important
to understand that in detail let's talk
further into this there there was the
unprecedented monetary policy measures
we saw the FED buying corporate bonds
including the quote unquote Fallen
Angels which were the companies that
have recently downgraded from investment
grade to junk status they went in and
bought that up and other companies Black
Rock said we are going to copy what the
FED does and they were um you know
essentially being able to profit very
handsomely from this many central banks
introduced or expanded their
quantitative easing programs buying
government bonds and other assets at an
unprecedented scale they did this far
beyond anything we've ever seen before
and they did so including think about
about this the mortgage back Securities
they were buying mortgage back
Securities while the real estate market
was absolutely on fire moving up every
single day and yet they were buying the
mortgage back Securities it was unusual
no need for it interest rates were at
rock bottom but they did it
anyway there really wasn't a really good
excuse to be buying those mortgage backs
Securities and yet they did
so massive fiscal stimulus many
countries including the US Canada and
the UK sent direct cash payments or
stimulus checks to Citizens Germany
enacted its largest postwar Aid package
breaking with its tradition in fiscal
Prudence they went away from that just
like all the other countries in Canada
there's something called
cerb which if you qualified you would
get
$2,000 that was because this was a
challenge this was something we never
had before sign on the dot and here's
your 2,000 remember each and every time
this seemed impossible just prior
crb was essentially the first
implementation of Ubi if you qualified
you got your money now they can widen
that out it was to some considered as a
beta test loan and Grant programs the
paycheck Protection Program or the PPP
in the US provided forgivable loans to
small businesses to incentivize them to
keep employees on the payroll and we saw
this and by the way forgivable loans
means you get the money and you don't
have to give it back and so we saw that
every company seemed to be getting these
or at least the on that didn't need it
in many many cases we looked at
celebrities and their big companies
where they were making a lot of profit
they didn't necessarily need it they
took that money and some were rewarded
for doing so it seemed Australia's job
keeper payments subsidize wages to help
businesses retain
employees so it goes without saying that
every country seem to be doing one thing
or another I'll look at a few other
examples here just wanted to explain how
we go through this in the next video we
are going to look at the implementation
of the next level but understanding the
past helps us to see how that will take
place eviction moratoriums and rent
relief several countries including the
US and parts of Europe temporarily
banned evictions to prevent homelessness
during the 2020 time frame some regions
also offered rent relief or subsidies
and this was widespread we saw this
everywhere it wasn't just one city or
another and many people had really been
suffering during that period at the same
time landlords were suffering because
they didn't have the rent coming in so a
lot of them had to sell and it was
coming at a time when there was high
demand maybe they ended up okay in that
respect but for some this was their
business and so now they don't have any
income
it was really something that we've never
seen before travel restrictions
quarantine measures many countries
imposed International and some cases
domestic travel restrictions a measure
not widely seen since the Spanish Flu of
1918 we had mandatory quarantine
measures for international Travelers
some countries like New Zealand and
Australia instituted actual managed
isolation in Hotels Canada other places
did this and people were simply locked
down just understand again that this was
very unique historically economic
support for specific sectors France
provided substantial support for
domestic airline industry Italy
nationalized its flag carrier Ali atalia
and in response to what happened with
The Fallout and of course one by one we
look at this and have say okay well what
does this mean well that's what brings
me to this next one digital Health
passports some countries and Airlines
began developing and implementing
digital Health passports to verify the
test results or the particular status of
that traveler and you start to realize
that this was of course never expected
and it made people um go onto a
different level a whole different level
without saying too much of course
deferred loan payments financial
institutions in various countries offer
deferred loan payments for mortgages and
other types of loans to provide relief
to borrowers and now we understand the
last one here that we had these
Universal basic income trials while the
idea predates
2020 we had the renewed interest in Ubi
and Spain for instance fast-tracked a
form of Ubi aiming to reach the
country's poorest
families and you could see that that was
just one example
cerb was only for those who were
unemployed and it was a form of welfare
a social assistance but that was just a
test a beta test for potentially what
could come and now we have these other
examples we can look at it and realize
that a crisis is needed for the
implementing of something so big so
lifechanging I can tell you what this
roll out will look like tune in to the
next video